Update Get started tutorial part 2 (#2525)
astronomer/docs: learn/get-started-with-airflow-part-2.md

After you complete this tutorial, you'll be able to:

- Add an Airflow provider to your Airflow environment.
- Create and use an [Airflow connection](connections.md).
- Create and use an [Airflow variable](airflow-variables.md).
- Use the [GithubTagSensor](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-github/versions/latest/modules/GithubTagSensor) to wait for a tag to be added to a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/).

> - Use the [SimpleHTTPOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-http/versions/latest/modules/SimpleHttpOperator) to query an API.

Reviewer: Looking back on these, I'm a little worried that users could look at this list and think "Oh I don't wanna do all that, I just wanna cover the basics." Aren't the operators just a means for the first three points?

Author: Oh, yes that is a perspective I did not realize and it does make sense because I think users who specifically want to learn about GitHubTagSensor and SimpleHTTPOperator will be rare. 
It is funny when I wrote this 10 month ago my mindset was "well if I do a tutorial I want to learn as much as possible so more bullet points make me more likely to do it" which is the mindset of a student new to DE in general, not of someone who is looking to learn Airflow specific things efficiently and able to template in the rest because of prior knowledge. 😅 

I'll remove the last 2 points, see if someone complains 😉

> - Use the [GithubTagSensor](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-github/versions/latest/modules/GithubTagSensor) to wait for a tag to be added to a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/).
> - Use the [SimpleHTTPOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-http/versions/latest/modules/SimpleHttpOperator) to query an API.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Prerequisites

> - The [Astro ClI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli).

Author: ```suggestion
- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli).
```

## Prerequisites

> - The [Astro Cli](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Astro ClI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli).
```

## Step 2: Create your DAG

1. Create a new Python file in the `dags` directory of your Astro project called `my_second_dag.py`.

> 2. Copy the code by clicking on the **`</>`** tag in the middle of [this page on the Astronomer Registry](https://registry.astronomer.io/dags/my_second_dag/versions/latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open the Astronomer Registry page for [`my_second_dag`](https://registry.astronomer.io/dags/my_second_dag/versions/latest). Click **Code** and copy the DAG code that appears.
```

3. Paste the code into `my_second_dag.py`.

## Step 3: Add a provider package

1. Open the Airflow UI to confirm that your DAG was pushed to your environment. On the **DAGs** page, you should see a "DAG Import Error" like the one shown here:

    ![Import Error](/img/tutorials/get-started-with-airflow-part-2_ImportError.png)

Provider packages are Python packages maintained separately from core Airflow that contain hooks and operators for interacting with external services. You can browse all available providers in the [Astronomer Registry](https://registry.astronomer.io/).

Your DAG uses operators from two Airflow provider packages: the [HTTP provider](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/http) and the [GitHub provider](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/github). While the HTTP provider is pre-installed in the Astro Runtime image, the GitHub provider is not, which causes the DAG import error.

2. Open the [GitHub provider page](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-github/versions/latest) in the Astronomer Registry.

    ![GitHub Provider](/img/tutorials/get-started-with-airflow-part-2_GitHubProvider.png)

> 3. Copy the provider name and version by clicking on **Use Provider** in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy the provider name and version by clicking **Use Provider** in the top right corner.
```

4. Paste the provider name and version into the `requirements.txt` file of your Astro project. Make sure to only add `apache-airflow-providers-github=<version>` without `pip install`.
5. Restart your Airflow environment by running `astro dev restart`. Unlike DAG code changes, package dependency changes require a complete restart of Airflow.

## Step 4: Add an Airflow variable

> After restarting your Airflow instance, you should not see the same DAG import error from Step 2. Next, you will need to define your own GitHub repo as an Airflow variable, overriding the default value that was set in the DAG code. [Airflow variables](airflow-variables.md) are key value pairs that can be accessed from any DAG in your Airflow environment. You'll now define the missing Airflow variable in the Airflow UI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After restarting your Airflow instance, you should not see the same DAG import error from Step 2. However, you should see a new DAG import error about a missing Airflow variable. 

[Airflow variables](airflow-variables.md) are key value pairs that can be accessed from any DAG in your Airflow environment. Because the variable `my_github_repo` is called in the DAG code, you'll need to create the variable and give it a value in the Airflow UI. 
```

Author: Not anymore unfortunately 😅 . The new registry does not allow DAGs with missing variables which is why I had to add a default to this one, which removes the second import error. 

How about:

```suggestion
After restarting your Airflow instance, you should not see the DAG import error from Step 2. Next, you will need to add an Airflow variable to be used in the GithubTagSensor.

[Airflow variables](airflow-variables.md) are key value pairs that can be accessed from any DAG in your Airflow environment. Because the variable `my_github_repo` is used in the DAG code with a default of `apache/airflow`, you'll need to create the variable and give it a value in the Airflow UI to wait for a tag in your own repository.
```

Reviewer: Looks good!

At the top of the file, all necessary packages are imported. Notice how both the `SimpleHttpOperator` as well as the `GithubTagSensor` are part of the provider packages you installed.

```python
from airflow.decorators import dag
from airflow.models import Variable
from airflow.providers.http.operators.http import SimpleHttpOperator
from airflow.providers.github.sensors.github import GithubTagSensor
from pendulum import datetime
```

Next, the DAG context is instantiated using the [`@dag` decorator](airflow-decorators.md). The DAG has the ID `my_second_dag`, and it starts running on July 1st, 2023. After its start date, the DAG runs every day at 9:00 AM as defined in a [cron](https://crontab.guru/) string. `catchup` is set to `False` in order to prevent the DAG runs from between the `start_date` and today from being scheduled automatically.

```python
@dag(
    start_date=datetime(2023, 7, 1),
    schedule="0 9 * * *",
    catchup=False,
    tags=["connections"],
)
def my_second_dag():
```

> The DAG itself has two tasks. The first task uses the GithubTagSensor to check whether a tag named `my_awesome_tag` has been added to your GitHub repository. It utilizes the Airflow variable (`my_github_repo`) and connection (`my_github_connection`) to access the correct repository with the appropriate credentials. The `Variable.get()` method uses `apache/airflow` as the default value, if it has not been defined by the user. The sensor checks for the tag every 30 seconds and will time out after one day. It is best practice to always set a `timeout` because the default value is quite long at 7 days, which can impact performance if left unchanged in DAGs that run on a higher frequency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DAG itself has two tasks. The first task uses the GithubTagSensor to check whether a tag named `my_awesome_tag` has been added to your GitHub repository. It utilizes the Airflow variable (`my_github_repo`) and connection (`my_github_connection`) to access the correct repository with the appropriate credentials. The `Variable.get()` method uses `apache/airflow` as the default value if it has not been defined by the user. The sensor checks for the tag every 30 seconds and will time out after one day. It is best practice to always set a `timeout` because the default value is quite long at 7 days, which can impact performance if left unchanged in DAGs that run on a higher frequency.
```
